Jim who corporation is proud to
introduce our latest aquarium innovation
the Lunik you offering much more than a
normal fish tank the loonie q coupled
with a sleek and timeless design will
let you experience a never-before
combination of Technology and fish
keeping Lulu me Q revolutionising the
nano fish tank concept in the aquarium
industry Louie Q uses the latest touch
sensor technology the control panel
consists of two indicator lights l1 and
l2 and three touch keys namely b1 b2 and
a circular touch key v1 is used to
change the modes b2 is used to regulate
the LED lights intensity and lastly the
circular touch key is used to select the
desired light color and time settings
operating the loom eq is easy requiring
just a gentle touch of your finger on
the various keys we leak you cover has
other special designs such as venetian
blind ventilation system and a small
opening for feeding and topping up of
water luma q uses high quality clear
high light transmittance crystal glass
which allows a clearer view of the tank
the highly efficient active sand filter
hides away at the bottom of the tank
preserving Leumi cues functionality and
beauty it can be placed in your living
room bedroom and office or be given as a
gift to your loved ones Louie Q is your
best choice luma q illumination system
uses advanced LED technology to deliver
vivid colors as well as increased
lifespan compared to conventional
lighting louie q only uses 12 volts of
electricity which is safe for both
adults and children while making it an
environmentally friendly product luma q
has five operating modes during the
power up l1 light would blink there will
be a 10-second interval for you to set
the time for the inbuilt clock if you
decide to skip this step it will
automatically enter 2 mode 1 after 10
seconds
mode 1 standard mode using be two key to
regulate the light intensity and after
12 hours it would automatically enter
the night mode
mode to color selection mode you can
select your favorite color and if you
think that it is too bright or dark you
can regulate the light intensity using
the b2b
mode 3 color-changing mode in this mode
the color will randomly and
automatically change the user can also
determine the speed of the color change
by using the circular touch key you can
touch the circular touch key in a
clockwise motion if you wish to have a
faster color change likewise touch in a
counterclockwise motion if you wish to
have a slower color change mode for
night mode the lighting would turn to a
soothing blue color for our human eyes
it is also the best lighting for fishes
in the night
mode fly standby mode the light will be
turned off pressing the b2 key would
also stop the pump allowing you to
remove the cover and clean the tank as
well as manage other tasks in the tank
during this process the main electricity
supply needs not be disconnected as it
is still very safe
lumic you safe stylish and with
character it's worth having it